      CS 4330/5390: Mobile Application Development, Summer 2018

	       HOMEWORK 3: Network and Data Persistence
		 (File $Date: 2018/07/26 14:53:34 $)

Due: August 1, 2018

This assignment may be done individually or in pairs. If you work in
pair, you need to fill out the contribution form (see the course
website).

In this assignment, you are to extend your HW2 code and create the
ultimate version of the My Price Watcher app that supports network and
data persistence. Your app shall meet all the relevant requirements
from the previous homework assignments (HW1 and HW2) as well as the
following new ones.

R1. The app shall find the price of a watched item from the item's Web
    page. Remember that the URL of an item is provided by the user
    when the item is added to the watch list.
    
    a. You app shall inform the user if the price of an item can't be
       found (e.g., malformed or non-existing URL).

    b. You app shall support item pages from the following websites:
       - Home Depot (www.homedepot.com),
       - Lowe's (www.lowes.com) or 
       - at least two online stores of your choice

R2. The app shall persist watched items. Use a SQLite database to
    store watched items. For bonus points, consider using a
    CursorAdapter to provide data to the UI (a ListView).

R3. The app shall be aware of the current network status: on/off. If
    Wifi is off, it shall inform the user and direct to the built-in
    Network (Wifi) Setting app to enable it.

R4. You should separate network and database operations into separate
    modules (or classes) to decouple them from the rest of the code.

R5. Use the following configuration for your project.

    Application name: My Price Watcher
    Company domain: cs4330.cs.utep.edu
    Minimum SDK version: API 16 - Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean)
    Main activity: MainActivity

    Name your distribution apk file hw3.apk (see the submission
    instruction below).

1. (10 points) Design your app and express your design by drawing a
   UML class diagram [1]. Your class diagram should include both model
   classes and UI classes (see R4 above) by using a layered
   architecture, where the business logic layer is completely
   separated from the presentation layer.

   - Your class diagram should show the main components (classes) 
     of your app along with their roles and relationships. 
   - Your model (business logic) classes should be cleanly separated 
     from the view/control (UI) classes with no dependencies.
   - For each class in your diagram, define key (public) operations
     to show its roles or responsibilities.
   - For each association including aggregation and composition, include
     at least a label, multiplicities and directions.
   - For each class appearing in your class diagram, provide a brief 
     description.

2. (90 points) Code your design by making your code conform to your
   design.

3. (bonus) Improve the user experience of your app by introducing
   additional features, e.g., 

   (10 points) Settings to customize the display of watched items,
    e.g., custom icons for stores. The settings shall be persistent
    and be implemented by using the Android Preference APIs. Read the
    online document entitled "Settings" to create your app settings
    using Android Preference APIs:
   
   https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/settings.html

   Android Studio can create a template for you; select New > Activity
   > Settings Activity.

HINTS
   
  Reuse your HW2 design and code as much as possible. Refine your
  class hierarchy by introducing HW3 specific concepts and subclasses.
  Most of HW2 view and model classes should be reusable.

  For R3 (to launch the built-in Network (Wifi) Setting app), use an
  intent android.provider.Settings.ACTION_WIFI_SETTINGS.

  The following classes may be useful for your implementation.

  Wifi
    android.net.ConnectivityManager
    android.net.wifi.WifiManager

TESTING

   Your app should run correctly on Android 4.1 (API Level 16) and
   later.

WHAT AND HOW TO TURN IN

   You should submit hard copies of your UML diagrams along with
   accompanying documents before the class starts on the due date.
   Your hard copy submission should include:

   - design.doc (UML class diagram along with descriptions)

   You should submit your program through the Assignment Submission
   page found in the Homework page of the course website. You should
   submit a single zip file that contains:

   - A signed Android package (APK) file. Read Section entitled
     "Publish Your Application" (pages 44-45 of the textbook) for
     creating an Android distribution file. On Android Studio, use
     Build > Generate Singed APK ... menu item.
   - Source code -- the Java src directory in your project folder 
     (app/src/main/java). Include only Java source code files; do 
     not include other files such as resource/build files.

   Your zip file should contain a single root directory named
   YourFirstNameLastName in which all the above-mentioned files and
   directories reside, e.g.,

   - hw2.apk (signed APK file)
   - src/... (Java source code files and directories)

   If you work in pair, make only one submission by mentioning both
   names in your submission. You should turn in your program by 11:59
   pm on the due date.

DEMO

   You will need to make one or two minutes demo of your app to the
   course staff.

GRADING

   You will be graded on the quality of your design and how clear your
   code is. Excessively long code will be penalized: don't repeat code
   in multiple places. Your code should be well documented by using
   Javadoc comments and sensibly indented so it is easy to read.

   Be sure your name is in the comments in your source code.

REFERENCES 

   [1] Martina Seidl, et al., UML@Classroom: An Introduction to
       Object-Oriented Modeling, Springer, 2015. Free ebook through
       UTEP library.
